One of the most fundamental ways we learn about
our world and environment is through our sense of sight.
Our ability to see permeates our very being.
It has come to define, not only how we see the physical world,
but also how we see the abstract.
We speak of a company or an entrepreneur having a vision; we may say,
"I see what you mean",
to a colleague or send on the,"I see what you did there, Jeff".
Our ability to see, our vision,
in a very real sense determines how we interact with the world.
Computer Vision strives to give a similar ability to
a machine and if you want to build an agent that uses vision to extract,
analyze and understand useful information then you're in the right place.
We have Cezanne Camacho,
a resident expert in the subject to help you learn
about Computer Vision and its fascinating applications.
Hey everyone. I'm Cezanne and I'm excited to
guide you through some important Computer Vision topics.
Computer Vision is a fascinating set of techniques, inspired by mathematics,
statistics and probability theory
and in this lesson we'll be learning about the basics of
Computer Vision and about the role it plays in
artificial intelligence systems. Let's get started.